# 김병천 (金秉天, Byung Chun Kim)

* Co-founder
* Chief Technical Officer
* Chief Knowledge Officer


## Experiences

* Aug. 2021 - present: CTO/CKO, IQCT Inc., Seoul, Korea.
* Mar. 2019 - Aug. 2021: Postdoctoral Researcher, National Institute for Mathematical Sciences (NIMS), Daejeon, Korea.
* Mar. - Aug. 2018: Part-time Lecturer, Dept. of Math., Inha Univ., Incheon, Korea.
  - General Topology 1 (위상수학 1)


## Education

* Feb. 2019: Ph.D., Dept. of Math., Inha Univ., Korea.
  - Advisor: Yongjin Song
  - Thesis: The embeddings of braid groups into mapping class groups and their homology
* Aug. 2010: M.S., Dept. of Math., Inha Univ., Korea.
  - Advisor: Yongjin Song
  - Thesis: 원판의 세번접힌 분지 덮개 공간 (Three-fold Branched Covering Spaces over a Disk)
* Aug. 2008: B.S., Dept. of Math., Inha Univ., Korea.
* Apr. 2003: GED, Seoul, Korea.


## Publications

* (with D. Joe et al) Extension of pQSAR: Ensemble Model Generated by Random Forest and Partial Least Squares Regressions. [IEEE Access, vol. 8, pp. 180087-180099](https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3027828), 2020.
* (with W. Chang and Y. Song) An infinite family of braid group representations in automorphism groups of free groups. [Journal of Knot Theory and Its Ramifications, pp. 2042007](https://doi.org/10.1142/S0218216520420079), 2020.
* (with Y. G. Kim et al) Prediction of the Major Factors for the Analysis of the Erosion Effect on Atomic Oxygen in LEO Satellite Using a Machine Learning Method (LSTM). [Journal of Aerospace System Engineering (항공우주시스템공학회지), vol. 14, no. 2, pp. 50–56](https://doi.org/10.20910/JASE.2020.14.2.50), 2020.
* (with Y. G. Kim and S. H. Lee) LSTM 모형을 이용한 태양활동지표 F10.7 예측 (A Prediction of Solar Activity Indicator F10.7 using LSTM Network). [Journal of The Korean Data Analysis Society, 22(1), pp. 169-176](https://doi.org/10.37727/jkdas.2020.22.1.169), 2020.
* (with Y. Song) Configuration spaces, moduli spaces and 3-fold covering spaces. [manuscripta math. 160, pp. 391–409](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00229-018-1081-5), 2019.


## Talks

* Pay Attention to Transformer, Industry-Oriented Education Center, Korea Univ., Online, Feb. 2021.
* 외상환자 치료 효과 향상을 위한 CT기반 폐손상 예측 모더레이터, NIMS 산업수학 문제해결 워크숍, Online, Dec. 2020.
* Transfer Learning Tutorial, Industry-Oriented Education Center, Korea Univ., Sejong, Korea, Nov. 2020.
* 식물 이미지 데이터에서의 개화 수 판별 프로그램 구축 교육 강연, NIMS 산업수학 아카데미, Bexco, Busan, Korea, Nov. 2020.
* Extension of pQSAR: Ensemble Model Generated by Random Forest and Partial Least Squares Regressions, KSIAM 2020 Annual Meeting, Online, Nov. 2020.
* Analysis on Kinase-Inhibitor bioactivity prediction model, IITP Workshop, Dongseo Univ., Busan, Korea, Oct. 2019.
* 원자산소의 저궤도위성부품에 대한 침식정도 예측 모더레이터, NIMS 산업수학 문제해결 워크숍, NIMS, Daejeon, Korea, Jun. 2019.
* Prediction of Kinase-Inhibitor Activity, 2019 Annual Conference of Korean Society for Mathematical Biology, Jeju, Korea, Jun. 2019.
* 수학과 인공지능, Mathematics Culture Ambassador Lecture, Cheongseok High School, Cheongju, Korea, Jun. 2019.
* Configuration space, moduli space and 3-fold covering space, Joint Meeting of KMS and DMV, COEX, Seoul, Korea, Oct. 2018.
* Embedding of braid group into mapping class group induced by 3-fold covering, The 13th East Asian School of Knots and Related Topics, Daejeon, Korea, Jan. 2018.
* Jupyter 활용을 위한 Docker 그리고 AWS, ICIM 산업수학 아카데미, Pangyo, Korea, Oct. 2017.
* JupyterHub deploy docker swarm, 산업수학 워크숍 - JupyterHub 구축과 활용, Korea Univ., Seoul, Korea, Dec. 2016.
* A Guided Tour to Sage, SageMath One-day School 2016, Inha Univ., Incheon, Korea, Feb. 2016.
* Higher Category and Topological Field Theory, International Workshop on Mathematical Sciences in Dalian, China, Oct. 2015.
